[Music]
Hello to all my dear Lovers
of the heart Maria Patiño has agreed to
an exclusive interview for
the magazine lecturas in which she has spoken
about various topics especially about her
future as a presenter of socialite the
television presenter continues to triumph on the
tele5 program and in the Netflix docure reality
save yourself who can but everything
could take an unexpected turn in light of what
happened recently remember that telec
has decided to definitively break ties
with the television factory since after the
cancellation of salvame they have not had a
good relationship although they are still
producing programs like everything is a
lie traveling with Chester and socialite
that will change because mediaset
Spain has proposed to risto mejid to
be the producer of his own
programs regarding socialite it has come
to light that it could move to the
producer Amanda in information that
has led to speculation that there may be changes
among the collaborators of the program
in light of this the magazine lecturas
asked Maria Patiño in the
interview if she will continue in sos salite or not
yes officially we do not know anything although
recently the phone has started ringing there
is nothing concrete  I'm from the
TV factory until December I
love live broadcasts and I don't know if I'll be
able to continue doing it or not,
anything could happen and I want to face it,
the journalist replied. Well, family, I'll be
waiting for you in the comments to read
your opinions. Don't forget to leave a
good like and subscribe to
always be up to date with all the news. I
send you a huge hug.